this support script requires the selective ghosting dll to be installed on wherever it is running
dll help repository: https://gitlab.com/Queuenard/blockland-DLL

this script allows you to easily create 2d billboards and 2d billboards that are always visible.
a billboard is something that is always facing the players camera.

billboads in this script use light flares to make this effect which is why we have to use light datablocks.
they also use player datablocks which the light flares are attached to.
the player datablocks that this script comes with have no mesh and just contain mount points.
if you want to make your own model for light mounting it is very simple:
make a model with 2 mount points.
make sure the second mount point is where you want your billboard to appear.
and that's it!

Mount Functions:
MountDatablock.Make()



Always visible billboards will render through anything infront of them.
Only use them if you want this behaviour.
Always Visible Billboard functions:
AVBillboards_Create(%mountDB,%count)
Creates a number of always visible billboards.
%mountDB    :   The player datablock to be created that you want all of the lights attached to.
%count      :   The number of AV Billboards you want created.
return      :   A group containing the newly created billboards of class AVBillboards_Create

(AVBillboards).Load(%client,%pos)
Sets up the always visible billboards for a specified client. This can only be done once per group.
%client     :   A client to be affected.
%pos        :   Where you want the loading to happen usually far away.
return      :   The AVBillboards group.

(AVBillboards).Make(%lightDB,%position,%tag)
Puts one of the billboards from the group at the specified position set to the new light datablock.
%lightDB    :   New light datablock for for the billboard.
%position   :   New position for it.
%tag        :   A tag used for clearing AVBillboards from the scene.
return      :   The used billboard.

(AVBillboards).Clear(%tag)
Clears, not deletes, all billboards of this group optionaly with the specified tag.
%tag        :   If left empty will effect all billboards otherwise only the ones with this tag.
return      :   The AVBillboards group.

Always Visible Billboards are very unique in that they must be loaded onto a client before being used.
And after that may only be used and only seen by that client. This is why they are structured like a group.
Don't be afraid of making a lot of lights like this for each client just because the client it is loaded to
should be the only one who it is ghosted to.

The Make command can only use up to the number of billboards within the group at one time.
Also since it returns the billboard it grabbed from the group you can mount it and do whatever you like.
Something very important to keep this effect working is the fadeTime of the light datablock.
Make sure to only use datablocks with infinite fadeTimes with Always Visible Billboards.